{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title News Article Archive from April 8, 2015 - Wsj.com}
{\doccomm Archive of top headlines and current news articles.}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa298
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-rates-in-spain-fall-just-barely-below-subzero-plain-1428465426"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul The Rates in Spain Fall Just Barely Below Subzero Plain}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spain has joined the subzero debt club, just barely.The Spanish Treasury on Tuesday issued short-term debt with an average interest rate of minus-0.002%, meaning investors will pay the government for the privilege of lending it money. ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/dzhokhar-tsarnaev-convicted-in-boston-marathon-bombing-case-1428517025"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Convicted in Boston Marathon Bombing Case}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BOSTON\'97Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, a former college student who admitted he helped carry out the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, was convicted Wednesday of a sweeping set of charges that set the stage for the jury to decide if he should get the death ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-hole-in-one-for-nicklaus-an-encouraging-day-for-tiger-1428529714"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A Hole-in-One for Nicklaus}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AUGUSTA, Ga.\'97It has been said that walking through the gates of Augusta National Golf Club is like stepping back in time. On Wednesday, that was especially true for fans that ended up alongside the fourth hole of the Par 3 course, where ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/met-makes-plans-for-whitney-space-1428534590"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Met Makes Plans for Whitney Space}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What exactly the Metropolitan Museum of Art intends to do with its new space in the building once occupied by the Whitney Museum of American Art has been a question in the art world for some months.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/slideshow-homes-with-grandfather-clauses-1428506412"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Homes With \'91Grandfather\'92 Clauses}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sellers Ask a Premium for One-of-a-Kind HomesThe living room in the Richard Neutra-designed home of landscape photographer Feodor Pitcairn, located in Pennsylvania's borough of Bryn Athyn. It is one of the relatively few homes on the East ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/singing-their-love-of-tolkiens-rings-1428537394"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Singing Their Love of Tolkien\'92s \'91Rings\'92}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Disclaimer: I'm epically underqualified to write about J.R.R. Tolkien's \'93The Hobbit," \'93The Lord of the Rings" and the movies based on the fantasy novels.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-watch-review-what-the-apple-watch-does-bestmake-you-look-good-1428494694"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul What the Apple Watch Does Best: Make You Look Good}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There's a reason we don't wear the same clothes two days in a row, try to avoid the temptations of McDonald's and Ben & Jerry's, keep a regular hair appointment and make it to the gym as often as possible. It's the same reason we'd ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-masters-is-usually-a-thriller-1428428372"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Why the Masters Is the Best}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/gileads-1-000-hep-c-pill-is-hard-for-states-to-swallow-1428525426"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Gilead\'92s $1,000 Pill Is Hard for States to Swallow}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A pricey pill made by Gilead Sciences Inc. caused Medicaid spending on hepatitis C treatments to soar last year, even as most states restricted access to the drug, leaving many low-income patients untreated.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-watch-what-living-with-this-thing-is-really-like-1428500746"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Apple Watch: What Living With This Thing Is Really Like}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you were to believe Apple's Watch ads, you'd think we all lived in a pristine white universe where gadgets are always polished and at your beck and call. You'd also think we all had Jony Ive's beautiful, wispy English accent.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/18-works-from-a-master-plus-repeating-history-1428536136"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul 18 Works From a Master, Plus Repeating History}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tsai Ming-liangMuseum of the Moving Image Friday\'96April 26 36-01 35th Ave., Queens, (718) 777-6888Acclaimed as one of the greatest living filmmakers, Tsai Ming-liang has been at the leading edge of Taiwanese cinema since his 1992 feature ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/book-review-a-fine-romance-by-candice-bergen-1428532753"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Candice Bergen\'92s Appetite For Life}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Celebrities who sign on to write memoirs are often willing\'97even eager\'97to confess to indiscriminate coupling. Name names? Just try to stop them. They'll also cheerfully admit to poor taste, questionable judgment, rotten marriages and worse ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/four-spring-artichoke-recipes-that-think-outside-the-steamer-1428519354"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Off Duty Spring 50}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spaghetti with Artichokes and BottargaTotal Time: 35 minutes Serves: 4Peel off and discard dark outer leaves of 6 medium artichokes. Rub remaining leaves with flesh of half a lemon to prevent browning. Cut off and discard top third of ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/photos-watching-the-apple-watch-1428494492"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Photos: Watching the Apple Watch}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With an Apple Watch, you can answer incoming calls from your iPhone right on your wrist.A graph of brightly colored concentric circles reports how much you've moved, exercised and stayed on your feet.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/what-golf-needs-a-rival-for-rory-1428506420"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul What Golf Needs: A Rival for Rory}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Augusta, Ga.For a moment, shift your golf attention 2,600 miles northwest of Augusta National Golf Club to the Bay Area.There, at Stanford, is a sophomore prodigy named Maverick McNealy who could one day become what golf desperately needs: ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/sticking-to-your-own-personal-jeans-style-1428518017"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Do I Really Have to Wear Mom Jeans This Spring}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Q: This spring, the hottest jeans are very 1970s with a higher waist and wider legs\'97a style that on me reminds me too much of those dreaded dorky \'93mom jeans." I really love low-rise jeans, so this is going to take getting used to. ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-10-point-gerard-baker-on-shells-bg-buyout-rand-pauls-presidential-bid-nazi-buildings-and-more-1428490085"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul The 10-Point. A personal, guided tour to the best scoops and stories every day in The Wall Street Journal, from Editor in Chief Gerard Baker.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Good morning,Shelling Out BillionsTumbling oil prices appear to be shaking up every corner of the global oil-and-gas industry. In the first major transaction among producers since prices started to plunge last summer, petroleum giant Royal ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/ikea-adds-veggie-balls-to-its-menu-1428499900"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul IKEA Adds Veggie Balls to Its Menu}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Known almost as well for its meatballs as its flat-pack furniture, IKEA now wants to draw more vegetarians into its restaurants.The Swedish furniture giant is launching balls made of vegetables as part of a larger push to expand its food ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/gm-unplugs-first-generation-volt-1428536378"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul GM Unplugs First Generation Volt}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
General Motors Co. will halt production of the Chevrolet Volt electric car for the summer to whittle down about seven months of unsold inventory and smooth the way for the next generation of the plug-in hybrid sedan.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/do-pickoffs-attempts-actually-prevent-stolen-bases-1428512150"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Do Pickoff Attempts Actually Prevent Stolen Bases}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the baseball season's opener on Sunday, the St. Louis Cardinals took advantage of Chicago Cubs pitcher Jon Lester's seeming reluctance to throw to first base, stealing four bases in five attempts in a 3-0 win. Lester didn't attempt a ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/puppets-supporting-puppets-plus-el-museos-official-milliner-1428533374"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Puppets Supporting Puppets at \'91Hand to God\'92 Opening}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The puppet community isn't small in this melting pot slash salad bowl of a city. There's Sesame Street, of course, with Grover and Bert and Ernie and Abby Cadabby. And then there's the Jim Henson Foundation, located in Queens, which ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/iran-dispatches-naval-flotilla-to-gulf-of-aden-1428512893"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Iran Dispatches Naval Flotilla to Gulf of Aden}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Iran dispatched a naval flotilla to the Gulf of Aden on Wednesday, a move that could raise tensions between the Islamic Republic and a Saudi-led coalition conducting a military campaign in Yemen, which borders the waterway.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/philip-watts-crafts-visions-of-aluminum-and-bronze-1428507339"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Philip Watts Crafts Visions of Aluminum and Bronze}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The staircases designed by Philip Watts are a step up from the norm.Mr. Watts, an architectural ironmonger in the British city of Nottingham, makes statement pieces out of functional objects, from stairs to door handles to window frames.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/tesla-to-upgrade-base-version-of-model-s-1428490801"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Tesla to Upgrade Slower-Selling Version of Model S}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tesla Motors Inc. is upgrading the slower-selling version of its Model S electric sedan, equipping it with a more capable battery, all-wheel drive and a bigger price tag.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/springs-intellectual-floral-fashion-1428516793"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Off Duty Spring 50}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I CALL THEM sad florals," said Sarah Easley, co-owner of downtown New York boutique Kirna Zab\'eate. She was talking about the spliced, diced and deconstructed bloom patterns that run wild across the spring collections. \'93But they make me much ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/former-wall-street-executives-discover-the-challenges-startups-face-must-reads-for-wednesday-april-8-1428505961"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Small Business Must-Reads \'96 Wednesday, April 8}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hang out your shingle: Former Wall Street executives discover the challenges of building a startup, from providing health insurance to employees to coming up with the optimal color palettes for business cards. The Wall Street Journal.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/sellers-ask-a-premium-for-one-of-a-kind-homes-1428509058"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Sellers Ask a Premium for One-of-a-Kind Homes}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
They don't make mansions like Christian de Berdouare's Miami Beach mansion anymore\'97but it's not a historic home. It's not even finished yet.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/bold-looks-for-spring-in-black-white-1428513558"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul How to Wear Black and White Boldly this Spring}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Crisp black-and-white ensembles are ubiquitous in spring fashions. \'93They're like a breath of fresh air when winter's over," says designer Nicole Miller, who showed several black-and-white-patterned looks on her spring runways. \'93It's a ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/on-broadway-competition-is-stiff-among-revivals-1428511734"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul On Broadway, Competition Is Stiff Among Revivals}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
New York, New York is a helluva town for Broadway revivals this season.As the Tony nomination deadline looms, the race for best musical revival is shaping up to be one of the most heated in years. While many seasons see a weak field or a ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/photos-of-the-day-april-8-1428529457"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Photos of the Day: April 8}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Members of the Bodo tribe wait in line to vote in district elections in northeastern India's Assam state on Wednesday.Supporters of Sudan's National Congress Party and President Omar al-Bashir ride camels on Wednesday to a campaign rally at ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/n-y-philharmonic-names-frank-huang-new-concertmaster-succeeding-glenn-dicterow-1428532690"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul N.Y. Philharmonic Names New Concertmaster}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The New York Philharmonic on Wednesday named the violinist Frank Huang its new concertmaster, succeeding Glenn Dicterow, who retired last year after 34 years leading the orchestra's musicians.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/dance-review-the-stephen-petronio-company-at-the-joyce-theater-1428527446"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Dance Review: The Stephen Petronio Company at the Joyce Theater}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
New YorkTo cap off the 30th anniversary of the dance company that bears his name, Stephen Petronio has arranged a season, now at the Joyce Theater, featuring the first installment of a project he calls \'93Bloodlines." His program note ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-witty-designs-of-philip-watts-1428504387"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul The Witty Designs of Philip Watts}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Philip Watts Crafts Visions of Aluminum and BronzePhilip Watts, a designer who creates architectural metalwork, in his workshop in a former lace factory in Nottingham, England.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-stock-futures-slightly-higher-as-fed-minutes-loom-1428496140"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul U.S. Stocks End Higher After Fed Minutes}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
U.S. stocks gained on Wednesday after Federal Reserve meeting minutes showed officials were divided about whether to raise interest rates in June.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/review-of-alices-adventures-in-wonderland-at-the-harry-ransom-center-through-the-magnifying-glass-1428526758"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Review of \'91Alice\'92s Adventures in Wonderland\'92 at the Harry Ransom Center: Through the Magnifying Glass}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Austin, TexasEven after 150 years, Lewis Carroll's engaging Alice continues to go down the rabbit hole. And she keeps coming back, a revenant from the golden afternoon of Victorian England, but a girl who can still surprise us by assuming ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/why-we-melt-at-puppy-pictures-1428504897"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Why We Melt at Puppy Pictures}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Things were great at home. Everyone was getting enough sleep, cleaning all the laundry and dishes, and keeping up with homework. So it seemed like the obvious time to upend it all by getting a puppy.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/faa-raises-indias-aviation-safety-ranking-1428479934"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul FAA Raises India\'92s Aviation Safety Ranking}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NEW DELHI\'97The U.S. raised India's aviation-safety ranking after more than a year of effectively barring the South Asian nation's airlines from adding new flights to the U.S. because of concerns about India's regulatory oversight.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/12-1428529544"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul 12}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In major-league history, the number of times that a team was shut out in its first two games entering this season. The Twins became the 13th on Wednesday in their 11-0 loss to the Tigers.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/corrections-amplifications-1428519055"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Corrections & Amplifications}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The U.S. labor-force participation rate in March was 62.7%. A World News article Monday about the U.S. economy incorrectly gave the rate as 67.8%.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-european-bypass-for-the-u-k-s-electorate-1428523920"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Why Tony Blair Was Right to Warn on U.K. Referendum Risks}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Europe looks destined to be the dog that doesn't bark in the U.K. election\'97despite the best efforts of the Labour Party and its former leader Tony Blair to push it up the agenda.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/senate-panel-leaders-agree-on-overhaul-of-no-child-left-behind-law-1428448621"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Senate Panel Leaders Agree on Overhaul of No Child Left Behind Law}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WASHINGTON\'97Leaders of the Senate Education Committee announced a bipartisan agreement Tuesday on an overhaul of the No Child Left Behind Law, maintaining annual tests but rolling back the federal government's role in setting both standards ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-welcome-addition-to-east-village-bar-offerings-1428452868"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A Welcome Addition to the East Village}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In a neighborhood brimming with dives, Fifty Paces, with its expansive wine list and eclectically trendy food menu, is a welcome addition to the East Village bar scene.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/catching-up-on-game-of-thrones-1428465656"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Catching Up on \'91Game of Thrones\'92}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Game of Thrones" returns to HBO with all new episodes this Sunday, which means it is time to brush up on the politics of Westeros and Essos, the tangled loyalties and rivalries and who, exactly, is who.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/whats-news-1428433868"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul What\'92s News\'97}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Business & Finance***Cosco is set to order at least 10 container megaships for a total of roughly $1.4 billion, joining competitors in their quest to dominate the world's busiest ocean trade routes.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-familys-obsession-with-lincoln-1428452416"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A Family\'92s Obsession With Lincoln}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It was with sincere regret a few months back that I was forced to decline a rare dinner invitation at the home of Peter and Suzy Kunhardt.Peter, while a highly likable friend since college, isn't the world's most sociable person. Given the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/chris-christie-spills-nothing-in-the-kitchen-1428457017"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Chris Christie Spills Nothing in the Kitchen}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gov. Chris Christie calls his pasta sauce \'93gravy," once cooked many of his family's meals, and believes garlic should be browned before being tossed into the skillet.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/swatting-nats-is-key-for-mets-in-2015-1428452191"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Swatting Nats Is Key for Mets\'92 Playoff Hopes in 2015}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WASHINGTON\'97The Washington Nationals ruined the Mets' season in 2014.That might sound like an overstatement, but consider the facts: The Mets finished with a record of 79-83, their sixth consecutive campaign below the .500 mark. Against the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/correctionsamplifications-1428462949"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Corrections & Amplifications}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Approximately 10,000 patients to date have had skin cancers treated with Xoft's eBx device, including 1,300 followed in six studies, and the risk of secondary cancers from the treatment is approximately 0.1% a year. In some editions ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/south-carolina-police-officer-charged-with-murder-in-shooting-of-motorist-1428448041"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul South Carolina Police Officer Charged With Murder in Shooting of Walter Scott}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A white police officer who shot a black man in North Charleston, S.C., was charged with murder Tuesday after law enforcement reviewed a video taken by a bystander.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/as-nets-chase-playoffs-owner-mikhail-prokhorov-plans-to-attend-1428453427"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul As Nets Chase Playoffs, Owner Mikhail Prokhorov Plans to Attend}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In a possible first-round playoff preview, the surging Nets (36-41) will host the Eastern Conference-leading Atlanta Hawks (47-19) on Wednesday. But the bigger story may be the presence of Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov, who plans to attend ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/cherry-blossoms-in-japan-as-seen-by-readers-1428457839"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Cherry Blossoms in Japan as Seen by Readers}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#WSJsakura: Pictures of Cherry Blossom Season in Japan Part IOsaka Castle. #CherryBlossoms #Sakura #wsjsakura #lovetotravelCherry blossoms in Tokyo, Japan. #sakura #cherryblossom #Japan #Tokyo #sakura2015 #flowers #floral #blossom ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/former-port-authority-chairman-david-samson-retires-from-law-firm-1428431368"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Former Port Authority Chairman David Samson Retires From N.J. Law Firm}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Former New Jersey Attorney General David Samson and his name are departing from the law firm he co-founded, which grew into a lobbying powerhouse during the administration of his friend, Gov. Chris Christie.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/as-full-day-pre-k-takes-hold-in-nyc-some-parents-plead-for-half-day-options-1428439145"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul As Full-Day Pre-K Takes Hold, Some Parents Plead for Half-Day Options}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Free, full-day prekindergarten was one of Mayor Bill de Blasio's first big pushes when he took office. Now, some parents are pushing back on the full-day part.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/uconn-beats-notre-dame-63-53-for-third-straight-championship-1428461476"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul UConn Beats Notre Dame 63-53 for Third Straight Championship}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TAMPA, Fla.\'97Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis and Moriah Jefferson each scored 15 points and UConn beat Notre Dame 63-53 on Tuesday night to win the Huskies third straight championship and 10th overall, tying Geno Auriemma with John Wooden for the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/is-any-quarterback-worth-drafting-lower-than-pick-no-5-1428452771"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Is Any Quarterback Worth Drafting Lower Than Pick No. 5}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Jets fans eager to welcome the first franchise quarterback since Joe Namath are happily charting the sinking stock of Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota. In fact, all eight of NFL.com's draft experts now project that Mariota will be ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/rangers-clinch-nhls-best-record-with-4-2-win-over-devils-1428460585"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rangers Clinch NHL\'92s Best Record With 4-2 Win Over Devils}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NEWARK, N.J.\'97The Rangers beat the Devils on Tuesday, 4-2, to earn home-ice advantage through the Stanley Cup playoffs by winning something called the Presidents' Trophy, which is awarded to the NHL team with the best regular-season record.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/family-friends-bid-farewell-to-victim-of-east-village-building-collapse-1428432443"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Family, Friends Bid Farewell to Victim of NYC Building Collapse}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With prayer and song, some 200 mourners gathered Tuesday to bid farewell to a 23-year-old man killed last month in an explosion in Manhattan's East Village.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/fidelity-investments-new-chief-confronts-market-shift-1428460203"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Fidelity\'92s New Chief Confronts Market Shift}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BOSTON\'97Abigail Johnson was so eager for change at mutual-fund giant Fidelity Investments that she once tried to oust her own father as CEO, according to executives at the time.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/post-crisis-risk-casts-a-darkening-shadow-1428499827"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Post-Crisis Risk Casts a Darkening Shadow}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Squeezing risk out of the economy can be like pressing down on a water bed: The risk often re-emerges elsewhere. So it goes with efforts to make the financial system safer since the financial crisis.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/kansas-gov-brownback-signs-nations-first-ban-on-abortion-procedure-1428452018"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Kansas Gov. Brownback Signs Nation\'92s First Ban on Abortion Procedure}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOPEKA, Kan.\'97Kansas became the first state Tuesday to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/shell-in-talks-to-buy-bg-group-1428437955"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Shell in Advanced Talks to Buy BG Group}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Petroleum giant Royal Dutch Shell PLC is in advanced talks to acquire Britain's BG Group PLC in a deal that would likely be valued at upward of $50 billion and would serve as the latest sign of how tumbling energy prices are shaking up the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/diverging-fortunes-for-shell-bg-chief-executives-1428507247"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Diverging Fortunes for Shell, BG Chief Executives}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Royal Dutch Shell PLC's Ben van Beurden and BG Group's Helge Lund were both hired as chief executives with turnaround visions for energy companies that had lost their way.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/public-spaces-that-arent-just-an-afterthought-1428532741"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Public Spaces That Aren\'92t Just an Afterthought}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The glass-enclosed plaza at an office tower in Manhattan's Financial District used to be a nice place for people to pass through on their way to someplace else. Soon, though, the building's owner plans to turn the public space into what ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/review-of-hand-to-god-a-handful-of-lust-1428518410"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \'91Hand to God\'92 Review: A Handful of Lust}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
New YorkNothing is more exciting than a new play that takes you by surprise, and Robert Askins's \'93Hand to God," which has moved uptown after two successful off-Broadway runs, does so over and over again. It is, at first blush, a raucously ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-consumer-drone-pioneer-were-learning-as-we-go-1428511868"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A Consumer-Drone Pioneer: \'91We\'92re Learning as We Go\'92}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SAN DIEGO\'97The consumer-drone revolution can be traced back eight years ago, to a 20-year-old Mexican immigrant in Riverside, Calif., tinkering with a toy model helicopter.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-case-for-letting-greece-go-1428535900"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul The Case for Letting Greece Go}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thursday marks another deadline in Greece's struggle to avoid default, as a \'80450 million payment to the International Monetary Fund comes due. Athens says it will meet this obligation, but sooner or later Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras and ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-incredible-obama-doctrine-1428536655"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul The Incredible Obama Doctrine}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Last weekend, with the ink on the Iran nuclear deal still being deciphered, the Obama Doctrine fell out of an interview between President Obama and Thomas Friedman of the New York Times.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-verdict-in-boston-1428537128"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A Verdict in Boston}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The guilty verdict delivered Wednesday by a Massachusetts jury against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is not the end of the trial for the Boston Marathon bomber. There is still the sentencing, not to mention all the other legal avenues that the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/activist-investor-in-food-fight-with-steak-n-shake-owner-1428511576"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Activist Investor in Food Fight With Steak \'91n Shake Owner}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sardar Biglari, the activist investor whose eponymous company owns the Steak \'91n Shake burger chain, likes to tell his shareholders they are betting on him.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/al-shabaabs-kenya-killings-part-of-broader-strategy-1428523966"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Al-Shabaab\'92s Kenya Killings Fit Broader Strategy}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NAIROBI, Kenya\'97When al-Shabaab militants raided a Kenyan university last week, some opened fire indiscriminately and others singled out Christians to execute. The carnage appeared calibrated to achieve two goals: a high death toll and ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/fed-minutes-officials-divided-on-whether-june-rate-increases-warranted-1428516001"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Fed Divided on June Rate Increase, but Soft Data May Prove Deciding Factor}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Federal Reserve officials were divided at their March policy meeting on whether they might raise interest rates in June, and recent soft economic data could make a midyear move even less likely.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/shell-to-buy-bg-group-1428473660"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Shell to Buy BG Group for About $70 Billion}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Royal Dutch Shell PLC's $70 billion deal to buy BG Group PLC marks the most aggressive step yet in the competition to be the world's dominant supplier of liquefied natural gas\'97a fuel with a fast-growing and increasingly global market.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/south-carolina-shooting-officer-captured-on-video-fired-1428512663"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul South Carolina Shooting: Officer Captured on Video Fired}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C.\'97City leaders moved swiftly Wednesday to try to tamp down racial tensions after the shooting death of an unarmed black man by a white officer, captured on video, triggered protests and led to murder charges against the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/aig-receives-faa-approval-for-drone-use-1428499777"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Insurers Get Approval to Use Drones}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Insurers are sending in the drones.Federal regulators have cleared three of the nation's largest property insurers to use unmanned aircraft, an early step that could bring widespread change to inspections of everything from hail-damaged ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/zynga-founder-mark-pincus-retakes-ceo-post-1428523793"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Zynga Founder Mark Pincus Retakes CEO Post}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Zynga Inc. founder Mark Pincus is taking back the reins at the troubled mobile-games company, ending Don Mattrick's stint as chief executive before he completed his second year.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/bacardi-starts-layoffs-in-north-america-1428530352"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Bacardi Starts Layoffs in North America}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bacardi Ltd. said Wednesday it started laying off about 10% of its staff in North America as part of a restructuring effort designed to reduce costs.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/law-firm-dentons-extends-reach-with-mckenna-deal-1428530564"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Law Firm Dentons Extends Reach With McKenna Deal}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dentons, which earlier this year became the largest law firm in the world, has agreed to merge with McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP, an Atlanta-based firm with 430 lawyers and professionals known for government contracts and public policy ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/j-p-morgan-maintains-jamie-dimons-pay-at-20-million-1428528880"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Dimon Sees Clouds Lifting}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
James Dimon says the regulatory cloud is lifting above J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. But the CEO still forecasts some squalls ahead.In his annual shareholder letter released late Wednesday, Mr. Dimon blamed legal and regulatory costs for ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/rahms-second-chance-1428537452"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rahm\'92s Second Chance}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teachers and other public unions targeted Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel for re-election defeat, and for a while it looked like they might succeed. Mr. Emanuel's victory Tuesday is good news for America's Second City, assuming he isn't cowed by ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/australia-aims-to-plug-the-gap-in-its-emergency-oil-supply-1428483546"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Australia Aims to Plug the Gap in Its Emergency Oil Supply}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SYDNEY\'97In the last line of defense against a global oil supply shock, Australia has long been the weakest link.It is the only country among the 29 members of the International Energy Agency without enough oil in storage to cover net imports ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/islamic-state-release-over-200-yazidi-hostages-in-iraq-1428504327"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Islamic State Releases Over 200 Yazidi Hostages in Iraq}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BAGHDAD\'97Islamic State militants have released more than 200 people, mostly women, children and elderly members of the minority Yazidi sect who had been held captive since August, according to an Iraqi Kurdish military commander.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/iranian-companies-try-to-buy-swiss-refinery-ahead-of-sanctions-lifting-1428512540"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Iranian Companies Try to Buy Swiss Refinery Ahead of Sanctions Lifting}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/vivendi-makes-peace-with-minority-shareholder-agrees-to-new-dividend-1428521323"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Vivendi Makes Peace With Minority Shareholder, Agrees to New Dividend}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/ruble-at-strongest-level-since-december-1428490659"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Russians Cheer Ruble\'92s Rebound\'97for Now}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MOSCOW\'97In December, entrepreneur Sergei Yakimov thought he would have to cancel plans to visit London as the ruble's plunge decimated the value of his savings. Now, with the ruble hitting its strongest level for the year Wednesday, his ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/india-probes-police-killings-of-believed-sandalwood-smugglers-1428501627"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul India Probes Police Killings of Believed Sandalwood Smugglers}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/can-skipping-the-runway-pay-off-1428520326"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Can Skipping the Runway Pay Off}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can a fashion designer skip the runways and get away with it?After 15 years of runway shows at New York fashion week, Rebecca Taylor canceled her fall 2015 show. She used her roughly $500,000 annual show budget to deploy a marketing ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/venezuelas-maduro-takes-campaign-against-u-s-sanctions-to-summit-1428532237"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Venezuela\'92s Maduro Takes Petition Against U.S. Sanctions to Summit}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/national-front-leader-marine-le-pen-breaks-with-father-over-holocaust-remarks-1428516627"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul National Front Chief Marine Le Pen Breaks With Father Over Holocaust Remarks}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PARIS\'97Family tension at the far-right National Front, a rising force in French politics, blew wide open as Marine Le Pen moved to sideline her father from the party he founded after he belittled the Holocaust.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/shells-bg-group-buy-to-shake-up-u-k-oil-and-gas-1428500003"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Shell\'92s BG Group Buy to Shake Up U.K. Oil and Gas}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LONDON\'97Royal Dutch Shell PLC's planned $69.6 billion acquisition of BG Group PLC brings together two firms with a combined history of 385 years and an influence on the British economy reaching far beyond the energy sector.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/coding-for-a-more-open-cuba-1428435085"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Coding for a More Open Cuba}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Internet access in Cuba is among the world's most restricted and expensive, but a rapprochement with Washington is boosting hopes for connectivity improvements and the development of some cool apps.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/after-departures-perella-aims-to-rebuild-1428521633"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul After Departures, Perella Aims to Rebuild}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Perella Weinberg Partners is trying to regroup two months after abruptly parting ways with eight bankers in its restructuring group.The dust-up left the group, which counsels financially struggling companies and their creditors, with just ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/zimbabwes-mugabe-seeks-investment-from-south-africa-1428502169"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Zimbabwe\'92s Mugabe Seeks Investment From South Africa}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PRETORIA, South Africa\'97Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe urged South Africa to invest in his beleaguered economy during his first state visit here in two decades, as the 91-year-old autocrat attempts to burnish ties with power brokers ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-wary-of-chinese-building-in-south-china-sea-1428474870"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul U.S. Wary of Possible China Island Fortresses}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOKYO\'97U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said the U.S. was concerned by China's land reclamation efforts in the South China Sea and by the possibility that construction there has a military dimension.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/alibaba-proposes-asset-injection-for-ailing-film-arm-1428496191"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Alibaba Proposes Asset Injection for Ailing Film Arm}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BEIJING\'97Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. on Wednesday proposed an injection of assets into its unprofitable movie arm, sending shares in the entertainment business soaring.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/nestle-looks-for-bottled-water-to-add-sparkle-1428489766"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Nestl\'e9 Pours Millions More Into Bottled Water}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
VEVEY, Switzerland\'97Nestl\'e9 SA aims to exploit growing health concerns about soda as it rolls out new products and boosts investment in the huge U.S. market to improve the profitability of its global water business.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/india-plan-puts-new-burden-on-banks-1428528996"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul India Plan Means Extra Costs for Banks}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MUMBAI\'97The Indian government's push for financial inclusion may have an undesired side effect: putting an extra burden on public-sector banks, which are already coping with problems including a mounting pile of bad debt.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/americas-summit-puts-focus-on-u-s-cuba-thawand-remaining-hurdles-1428525510"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Americas Summit Puts Focus on U.S.-Cuba Thaw\'97and Remaining Hurdles}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PANAMA CITY, Panama\'97The leaders of the U.S. and Cuba arrive here this week for a hemispheric summit looking to build on the historic thaw in their countries' relations but facing significant obstacles to fully normalizing ties.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/at-t-to-pay-25-million-to-settle-fcc-privacy-breach-case-1428519807"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul AT&T to Pay $25 Million to Settle FCC Privacy Breach Case}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Call-center workers for AT&T Inc. leaked confidential information on about 280,000 subscribers so that resellers could unlock used phones, federal regulators said Wednesday.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/bed-bath-beyond-profit-drops-issues-guidance-below-analyst-estimates-1428534478"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Bed Bath & Beyond Profit Drops, Issues Guidance Below Analyst Estimates}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.'s profit for the latest quarter fell 4%, and the housewares retailer projected earnings slightly less than Wall Street estimates for the current quarter.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/army-relaxes-its-policy-on-soldiers-tattoos-1428522685"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Army Relaxes Its Policy on Soldiers\'92 Tattoos}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The U.S. Army has revised its policy on tattoos on soldiers to make it less restrictive, paving the way for some men and women to enlist who previously couldn't.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/army-relaxes-its-policy-on-soldiers-tattoos-1428522685"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Army Relaxes Its Policy on Soldiers\'92 Tattoos}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The U.S. Army has revised its policy on tattoos on soldiers to make it less restrictive, paving the way for some men and women to enlist who previously couldn't.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/mylan-bids-for-generic-drug-maker-perrigo-1428507547"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Mylan Proposes to Acquire Rival Perrigo for $28.9 Billion}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
By making an unsolicited $28.9 ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/alcoa-swings-to-profit-1428524054"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Alcoa Earnings Get Boost From Smelting Division Turnaround}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Alcoa Inc. swung to a first-quarter profit thanks to a turnaround in its smelting division, which was helped by exchange rates.The New York-based company, the world's biggest aluminum company, on Wednesday reported a profit of $195 million, ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/family-dollar-sales-profit-in-line-with-expectations-1428496400"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Family Dollar Sales, Profit In Line With Expectations}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Family Dollar Stores Inc. logged its strongest growth in sales at stores open at least 13 months since 2013 during its February quarter.The Matthews, N.C., company's sales and profit met expectations for its fiscal second-quarter despite ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/shells-move-could-prompt-wave-of-energy-sector-mergers-1428494512"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Shell\'92s Move Could Prompt Wave of Energy Sector Mergers}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LONDON\'97Royal Dutch Shell PLC's nearly $70 billion offer for Britain's BG Group PLC may be the starting gun for a wave of oil deals that analysts and bankers have been predicting since crude prices started to slump in June.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/cio-journal-mlb-to-monitor-use-of-video-streaming-apps-1428535493"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul CIO Journal: MLB to Monitor Use of Video-Streaming Apps}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Major League Baseball will be monitoring the way fans use new live-streaming apps, such as Meerkat and Periscope, during games.Games are licensed content and MLB policy prohibits fans from taking live video. Credentialed media are limited ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/apache-to-sell-australian-business-for-2-1-billion-1428528362"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Apache to Sell Australian Business for $2.1 Billion}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Apache Corp. agreed to sell its Australian unit, Apache Energy Ltd., for $2.1 billion in cash to a group of private-equity investors, the latest step in the company's effort to refocus on U.S. shale drilling.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/afghan-soldier-fires-on-u-s-troops-killing-one-1428516099"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Afghan Soldier Fires on U.S. Troops, Killing One}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
KABUL\'97An Afghan soldier opened fire on U.S. troops in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday, killing one American soldier and wounding several others in an attack that revives concerns about trust between allies.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/alexis-tsipras-calls-for-new-start-between-greece-and-russia-1428499056"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Greek-Russian Summit Marks Defiance of EU}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MOSCOW\'97Russian President Vladimir Putin and Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras met at a much-anticipated summit here on Wednesday that brought together two world leaders known for rallying their constituencies by defying the European ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/overheard-france-slams-brakes-on-renault-1428533671"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Overheard: France Slams Brakes on Renault}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It isn't surprising that a big winner of the French government's so-called Florange Law is turning out to be, well, the French government.Paris wants to block an attempt by auto maker Renault to stick with the \'93one share, one vote" ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/cyberdefense-spending-rises-amid-high-profile-hacks-1428487519"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Cyberdefense Spending Rises Amid High-Profile Hacks}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SINGAPORE\'97Spending to defend against cyberattacks is picking up speed in Asia, and the growth rate could outpace the global average this year.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/shells-surprise-stop-to-gas-up-with-bg-heard-on-the-street-1428499772"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Royal Dutch Shell\'92s Surprise Stop to Gas Up With BG Group}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Royal Dutch Shell is opting for strategy over surety in its \'a347 billion ($69.60 billion) deal to buy BG Group. Shareholders may just feel shellshocked.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/manulife-dbs-near-bancassurance-deal-for-asia-1428466527"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Manulife, DBS Agree on Insurance Deal for Asia Worth More Than $1 Billion}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HONG KONG\'97Manulife Financial Corp. has reached a multiyear deal valued at more than $1 billion that will allow the Canadian firm to exclusively distribute its insurance products through Singaporean lender DBS Group Holdings Ltd.'s branches ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/prosper-marketplace-completes-funding-round-1428533267"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Prosper Marketplace\'92s Valuation More Than Doubles to $1.9 Billion}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Prosper Marketplace Inc. has completed a funding round that values the online lending service at $1.9 billion.The new fundraising round raised about $165 million and was led by Credit Suisse Group AG's Next Investors, a fund within the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/why-more-airports-are-luring-international-flights-1428530496"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Why More Airports Are Luring International Flights}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HoustonTo glimpse the revolution happening in international flying to and from the U.S., come to Houston.The city of Houston views high fares as such a serious disadvantage that it is spending extensively on its two airports to attract more ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/lets-hit-pause-before-altering-humankind-1428536400"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Let\'92s Hit \'91Pause\'92 Before Altering Humankind}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Modern biological research continues to generate new technology at a staggering pace, bringing to society new challenges and new opportunities. A recent appearance is the so-called CRISPR/Cas9 technology for altering genes in the body's ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/oyster-to-unveil-e-bookstore-with-a-la-carte-service-1428494401"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Oyster Launches E-Bookstore With A La Carte Service}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Subscription book service Oyster launched an e-bookstore on Wednesday that will allow consumers to purchase titles on an a la carte basis.New York-based Oyster, launched in 2013, had previously only offered a $9.95 a month all-you-can-read ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/young-musicians-cant-fake-it-to-make-it-1428527192"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Young Musicians Can\'92t Fake It to Make It}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Young classical musicians have a tough time of it these days. Sixty or 70 years ago, with the right kind of talent and temperament, top performers simply swept into view like forces of nature. Vladimir Horowitz, Rudolf Serkin, Glenn Gould ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-army-expands-immigrant-recruitment-program-1428529606"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul U.S. Army Expands Immigrant Recruitment Program}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The U.S. Army has expanded a program that encourages immigrants with certain language and medical skills to enlist by offering them a fast track to U.S. citizenship.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/john-brennans-politicized-intelligence-1428537539"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul John Brennan\'92s Politicized Intelligence}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/chinese-orders-of-hong-kong-shares-hit-limit-for-first-time-1428476558"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Chinese Orders of Hong Kong Shares Hit Limit for First Time}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For the first time since a trading link between Shanghai and Hong Kong opened five months ago, demand from mainland buyers triggered a daily limit, marking a turnaround for a program that has suffered from lackluster demand.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/hillary-needs-more-than-an-image-makeover-1428536899"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Hillary Needs More Than an Image Makeover}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After Hillary Clinton left the State Department in early 2013, her favorable rating was 64% and her unfavorable rating 31% in an April 14 Gallup poll. In a March 4, 2015, Gallup poll, respondents were 50% favorable, 39% unfavorable. That's ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/greeces-achilles-heel-1428536815"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Greece\'92s Achilles\'92 Heel}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In 1980, when Nicaragua's Sandinista government confronted major sovereign-debt and economic difficulties, I had a meeting in Managua with Fidel Castro, a close ally of the country's leader, Daniel Ortega. I was Citibank's senior vice ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/americas-victory-at-appomattox-1428536536"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul America\'92s Victory at Appomattox}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Throughout his long life, Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. was profoundly affected by his experience fighting in the Civil War. The future Supreme Court justice recalled two decades later that \'93in our youth our hearts were touched with fire. It ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/bloomberg-criticizes-new-york-fracking-ban-1428520873"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Bloomberg Criticizes New York Fracking Ban}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg criticized the state's ban on hydraulic fracturing, describing the move as \'93misguided" and instead touting the benefits of natural gas.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/fed-rates-certainty-sets-up-a-fall-heard-on-the-street-1428529946"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Fed Rates Certainty Sets Up a Fall}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Federal Reserve still has a hankering to raise interest rates this year. Investors should remember that.Minutes released Wednesday showed that at their March meeting\'97that is, even before last week's soft jobs report\'97Fed policy makers ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/gm-mulls-expansion-of-suv-plant-in-texas-1428530918"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul GM Mulls Expansion of SUV Plant in Texas}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
General Motors Co. is considering a $1.3 billion expansion of its Arlington, Texas, assembly plant to boost production of its large sport-utility vehicles, an indication the company sees the revival in demand for the profitable vehicles as ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/mexico-shuts-gas-distribution-plant-linked-to-hospital-blast-1428534492"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Mexico Shuts Gas Distribution Plant Linked to Hospital Blast}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MEXICO CITY\'97The Mexican government said Wednesday it has ordered the closure of a gas distribution plant operated by the company responsible for an explosion at a maternity and children's hospital in January that killed five people and ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/notable-quotable-1428532684"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Notable & Quotable}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
From Gen. Horace Porter's description of Robert E. Lee's surrender to Ulysses S. Grant in Appomattox, Va., on April 9, 1865, with Grant saying:\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/fannie-and-freddie-molehill-mistaken-for-a-mountain-heard-on-the-street-1428528691"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Fannie and Freddie Molehill Mistaken for a Mountain}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Investors in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may have thought they had been thrown a lifeline by a U.S. senator. In reality, they were grasping at straws.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/everyware-global-files-prepackaged-chapter-11-plan-1428495567"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul EveryWare Global Files Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EveryWare Global Inc., maker of Anchor Hocking and Oneida kitchen products, filed for Chapter 11 protection Tuesday with plans to implement a debt-for-equity swap with senior lenders.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/investors-should-remove-constellations-beer-goggles-ahead-of-the-tape-1428514777"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Investors Should Remove Constellation\'92s Beer Goggles}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who said liquor is quicker?In the 10 years ended in 2011, Constellation Brands Inc. didn't quite manage to double in value. Since then, its stock has surged more than 470%.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/pier-1-profit-falls-22-but-share-price-rises-1428525584"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Pier 1 Profit Falls 22%, But Share Price Rises}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pier 1 Imports Inc.'s profit fell 22% in the February quarter, but the home goods retailer said spring products generated a strong response and projected sales at existing locations would increase about 4% in the current quarter.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/turkish-trial-of-dutch-journalist-begins-1428477350"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Turkish Prosecutor Wants Dutch Journalist\'92s Charges Dismissed}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DIYARBAKIR, Turkey\'97A Turkish prosecutor asked a court Wednesday to dismiss charges against a Dutch journalist of spreading \'93terrorist propaganda," a turnabout that human-rights groups said highlighted problems with the country's sweeping ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/ugandan-police-arrest-former-guantanamo-bay-detainee-1428502011"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Ugandan Police Arrest Former Guantanamo Bay Detainee}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
KAMPALA\'97Ugandan security forces have arrested a former detainee at Guantanamo Bay for his suspected involvement in last week's killing of a local prosecutor, police said Wednesday, but one lawyer said the move stemmed from a witch hunt amid ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-morning-briefing-u-s-stocks-edge-higher-1428528659"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Asian Morning Briefing: U.S. Stocks Edge Higher}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MARKETS AT A GLANCE(Data as of approximately 5 p.m. ET) LAST CHANGE % CHG DJIA 17902.5 27.09 0.15% Nasdaq ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/mexican-auto-industry-stays-on-record-setting-track-1428528574"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Mexican Auto Industry Stays on Record-Setting Track}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MEXICO CITY\'97Mexico-based auto makers logged record production, exports and domestic sales in the first quarter of 2015, industry associations said Wednesday, continuing a trend of sharp growth since the financial crisis.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/exiled-syrian-cleric-murdered-in-london-1428495301"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Exiled Syrian Cleric Killed in London}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LONDON\'97Exiled Syrian cleric Abdul Hadi Arwani was found shot dead in his car at a north London junction, in what some supporters said was a politically motivated attack against a fierce critic of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/wd-40-posts-stronger-than-expected-results-but-trims-outlook-1428526260"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul WD-40 Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results but Trims Outlook}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WD-40 Co. reported stronger-than-expected earnings and revenue for its latest quarter but trimmed its outlook for the year, blaming foreign exchange rates.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/mercedes-benz-sales-race-ahead-1428484661"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Mercedes-Benz Sales Race Ahead}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BERLIN\'97Mercedes-Benz sold nearly 15% more cars during the first quarter compared with the same period last year, setting the bar high for competitors Audi and BMW in the race for the top premium brand, amid strong demand for its C-Class ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-government-bond-yields-still-low-ahead-of-auction-fed-minutes-1428499970"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul U.S. Government Bonds Little Changed After Fed Minutes}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
U.S. Treasury bonds were little changed Wednesday after the minutes of the Federal Reserve's policy meeting in March showed officials were divided on whether they would be ready by June to start raising short-term interest rates.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/lafarge-board-meets-to-pick-post-merger-ceo-1428515166"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Lafarge and Holcim Agree on Eric Olsen to Lead Post-Merger Company}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PARIS\'97France's Lafarge SA and Swiss rival Holcim Ltd. agreed on Wednesday to name Eric Olsen, a Lafarge executive, as head of the globe-spanning cement giant their $44 billion merger will create, according to a person familiar with the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/head-of-electroluxs-u-s-appliances-arm-quits-1428509710"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Head of Electrolux\'92s U.S. Appliances Arm Quits}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
STOCKHOLM\'97The head of Electrolux AB's North American major-appliances unit quit Wednesday after the Swedish company issued a profit warning for the unit.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/japans-softbank-downsizes-presence-in-silicon-valley-1428465947"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul SoftBank Downsizes Presence in Silicon Valley}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOKYO\'97Japan's SoftBank Corp. is downsizing its presence in U.S. tech enclave Silicon Valley after subsidiary Sprint Corp.'s failed bid last year to acquire T-Mobile U.S. Inc., the fourth-largest U.S. wireless carrier.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-google-clash-with-australia-lawmakers-over-tax-avoidance-1428485254"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Australia Lawmakers Grill Tech Firms Over Tax Practices}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Technology companies including Apple Inc. and Google Inc. clashed with Australian lawmakers over claims of tax avoidance ahead of a meeting of Group of 20 finance ministers in Washington, D.C., seeking to build global cooperation to close ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/what-france-can-learn-from-italy-1428522015"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul What France Can Learn From Italy}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For all the attention that's been paid to Greece and its debtor negotiations lately, the coming battles over Europe's troubled economy will be won not in Athens but mainly in Paris and Rome. France accounts for almost 22% of eurozone gross ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/bank-of-america-names-new-heads-of-global-investment-banking-1428511884"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Bank of America Names New Heads of Global Investment Banking}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bank of America Corp. has appointed Karim Assef and Diego De Giorgi as co-heads of global investment banking.The news was announced in a memo from Christian Meissner, head of global corporate and investment banking.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/cheating-in-atlanta-a-teachable-moment-1428521500"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Cheating in Atlanta: A Teachable Moment}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You've probably heard that a jury last week convicted 11 Atlanta public-school educators of racketeering for their roles in what prosecutors described as one of the largest test-cheating scandals in U.S. history. You may not have heard that ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/overheard-sorry-seems-to-be-hardest-word-1428452079"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Overheard | Sorry Seems to Be Hardest Word}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For hedge funds, it isn't too late to apologize. Ryan Tedder's band, OneRepublic, will next month headline a concert at the seventh annual hedge-fund-heavy SALT conference in Las Vegas. The band is famed for its 2007 hit \'93Apologize"\'97a title ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/gold-prices-decline-as-investors-await-fed-meeting-minutes-1428503971"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Gold\'92s Decline Deepens After Fed Minutes}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gold prices extended losses Wednesday, after minutes from the Federal Reserve's most-recent meeting showed the central bank's members were divided on whether to raise interest rates in June.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/voters-go-to-polls-in-chicago-mayor-runoff-1428427545"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rahm Emanuel Re-Elected as Chicago Mayor in Runoff}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CHICAGO\'97Mayor Rahm Emanuel was re-elected Tuesday following a spirited runoff here that tested the policies and personality of the nationally known politician.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/canadian-finance-minister-to-announce-balanced-budget-legislation-1428505900"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Canadian Finance Minister Pledges Balanced-Budget Legislation}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Canadian Finance Minister Joe Oliver said the government will fulfill an earlier promise to introduce legislationmandating balanced budgets.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/life-sentence-upheld-for-commander-complicit-in-srebrenica-massacre-1428508589"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Life Sentence Upheld for Commander Complicit in Srebrenica Massacre}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BRUSSELS\'97A top commander of the Bosnian-Serb army responsible for the Srebrenica massacre 20 years ago was given a final life-in-prison sentence on Wednesday.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/african-americans-gain-city-council-seats-in-ferguson-1428466874"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul African-Americans Gain City Council Seats in Ferguson}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Half of the members of the City Council in Ferguson, Mo., will be African-American following the city's first election since the shooting death of Michael Brown by a police officer.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/secs-top-market-data-expert-leaving-agency-1428513546"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul SEC\'92s Top Market-Data Expert Leaving Agency}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WASHINGTON\'97The Securities and Exchange Commission's top market-data expert who played a key role in efforts to ratchet up oversight of computer-driven trading is leaving the agency.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/behind-bank-valuations-lies-distaste-for-investment-banking-1428510096"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Behind Bank Valuations Lies Distaste for Investment Banking}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In Europe, investment banking is still very much out of favor.Bank returns in the region are on the road toward recovery over the next couple of years, according to analysts. They vary widely and for many, reported returns on equity will ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/judge-keeps-injunction-on-obamas-immigration-plan-1428469865"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Judge Keeps Injunction on Obama\'92s Immigration Plan}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AUSTIN, Texas\'97A Texas federal judge late Tuesday night declined to lift his injunction blocking the Obama administration's immigration action to defer deportations for more than four million people in the country illegally.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-defense-chief-says-al-qaeda-seizing-territory-in-yemen-1428485733"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul U.S. Defense Chief Says Al Qaeda Seizing Territory in Yemen}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/slovak-telekom-plans-ipo-of-states-49-stake-1428481446"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Slovak Telekom Plans IPO of State\'92s 49% Stake}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bratislava-based Slovak Telekom, 51%-owned by Germany's Deutsche Telekom AG, on Wednesday said it plans to float the remaining 49% stake held by the Slovak state in the form of shares and global depositary receipts in Slovakia, the Czech ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/brazil-considers-ipo-for-caixa-economicas-insurance-affiliate-1428508893"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Brazil Considers IPO for Caixa Econ\'f4mica\'92s Insurance Affiliate}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
S\'c3O PAULO\'97Brazil's government is considering a possible initial public offering of shares in the insurance company controlled by state-owned bank Caixa Econ\'f4mica Federal and French insurer CNP Assurances, Finance Minister Joaquim Levy told ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/china-smaller-luxury-cars-the-new-trend-among-foreign-auto-makers-1428492191"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Luxury-Auto Makers in China Target Buyers With Smaller Cars}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BEIJING\'97Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz joined the ranks of high-end car brands manufacturing small luxury vehicles in China, seeking new avenues for growth as demand for ritzy rides ebbs.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/jakartas-ambitions-at-sea-1428509551"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Jakarta\'92s Ambitions at Sea}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JakartaOn paper, Indonesia should be a major global player. It has the fourth-largest population in the world, a rich supply of natural resources and a strategic location between the Indian and Pacific oceans, with more than half the ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/turkey-sees-surprise-jump-in-industrial-output-in-february-1428504393"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Turkey Sees Surprise Jump in Industrial Output in February}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ISTANBUL\'97Turkey's industrial production rose in February, official data showed Wednesday, with a surprise jump in the leading bellwether of economic activity offering a small reprieve to concerns about the country's tepid growth trend.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/bradescos-clemente-says-brazil-economy-nearing-turning-point-1428508774"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Bradesco\'92s Clemente Says Brazil Economy Nearing Turning Point}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
S\'c3O PAULO\'97Brazil's sluggish economy is nearing a turning point with the approaching release of the 2014 earnings results of Petroleo Brasileiro SA, or Petrobras, the head of Bradesco investment banking unit said Wednesday.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/boj-votes-down-call-to-slash-easing-measures-1428467541"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Bank of Japan Votes Down Call to Slash Easing}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOKYO\'97The Bank of Japan's internal split widened Wednesday as Gov. Haruhiko Kuroda's toughest critic on the policy board officially called for a steep reduction of its aggressive monetary stimulus.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/north-korea-deports-u-s-aid-worker-1428499292"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul North Korea Deports U.S. Aid Worker}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SEOUL\'97North Korea said Wednesday it has deported an American aid worker for \'93plot-breeding and propaganda" against the isolated state.A report from Pyongyang's state media named the aid worker as Sandra Suh. It said Ms. Suh has been a ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-demand-for-skilled-worker-visas-exceeds-annual-supply-1428431798"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Demand for Skilled-Worker Visas Exceeds Annual Supply}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Demand for skilled-worker U.S. visas, known as H-1Bs, exceeded the year's entire supply in the first week that employers could file applications, prompting the government to resort to a lotteryto allocate them.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/spanish-police-detain-suspected-militants-in-catalonia-1428486355"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Spanish Police Detain Suspected Militants in Catalonia}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spanish police on Wednesday arrested 11 suspected Islamic militants in the northern Catalonia region who were allegedly preparing a terrorist attack, in the latest of several recent antiterror sweeps here against Islamic State.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/triumph-group-ceo-steps-down-replaced-by-company-founder-1428499876"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Triumph Group CEO Steps Down, Replaced By Company Founder}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Triumph Group Inc. said Chief Executive Jeffry D. Frisby stepped down, effective immediately, and Chairman Richard C. Ill, a founder and former CEO, will take the helm as the aerospace parts supplier seeks a permanent CEO.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/china-aims-to-soothe-labor-unrest-1428478396"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul China Aims to Soothe Labor Unrest}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BEIJING\'97As slowing growth fuels labor unrest in the world's second-largest economy, China's top leadership is pushing for greater efforts to foster harmony across its increasingly agitated workforce.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/rite-aid-sales-grow-on-more-prescription-orders-1428492185"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rite Aid Earnings Buoyed by Big Tax Benefit}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rite Aid Corp. said its earnings surged in the latest quarter thanks to a $1.72 billion tax credit, but the pharmacy chain offered muted guidance for the recently started business year.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/merck-gets-breakthrough-designation-for-hepatitis-c-drugs-1428495376"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Merck Gets Breakthrough Designation for Hepatitis C Drugs}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Merck & Co. said Wednesday that its hepatitis C drugs have been designated breakthrough therapies by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/private-banking-regional-exec-leaves-merrill-for-first-republic-1428496380"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Private-Banking Regional Exec Leaves Merrill for First Republic}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A veteran Merrill Lynch executive who oversaw a portion of its ultra-wealthy-client group on the West Coast has left to join First Republic Bank's wealth-management division, according to people familiar with the matter.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/nasdaq-kbw-form-index-partnership-1428497277"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Nasdaq, KBW Form Index Partnership}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nasdaq OMX Group Inc. and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods are forming a partnership to expand access to indexes and exchange-traded funds with more than $770 million in licensed assets under management.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/disney-imax-sign-three-year-agreement-1428494586"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Disney, IMAX Sign Three-Year Agreement}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMAX Corp. and The Walt Disney Studios have agreed on a three-year partnership that covers animated and live-action films such as the new \'93Star Wars" movie.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/tribune-medias-top-shareholders-to-pare-stake-by-25-1428493544"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Tribune Media\'92s Top Shareholders To Pare Stake By 25%}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tribune Media Co. said Wednesday that its three largest shareholders plan to collectively cut their stake in the company by 25% through a secondary share offering.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/eurozone-retail-sales-fall-after-four-straight-monthly-rises-1428483808"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Eurozone Retail Sales Fall After Four Straight Monthly Rises}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Retail sales in the eurozone fell in February after four successive monthly increases, an indication that the boost to the spending power of households from lower oil prices may be waning.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/saudi-arabias-march-crude-output-at-record-high-1428479231"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Saudi Arabia\'92s March Crude Oil Output at Record High}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Saudi Arabia raised its crude output to 10.3 million barrels a day in March, its oil minister Ali al-Naimi said, signaling an unexpected strong demand from its customers.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/indias-snapdeal-buys-freecharge-1428479332"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul India\'92s Snapdeal Buys FreeCharge}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/chinese-executives-start-speaking-up-on-social-issues-1428429078"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Chinese Executives Start Taking Stands on Social Issues}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BEIJING\'97A handful of Chinese executives are raising their voices on social and political issues to burnish their reputations, an unusual move in a country that has long been hostile toward public debate.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/harvard-offers-students-at-womens-colleges-a-peek-at-an-m-b-a-1428465649"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Harvard Offers Students at Women\'92s Colleges a \'91Peek\'92 at an M.B.A. New recruiting program is set to roll out this week}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Harvard Business School is looking to women's colleges for the next generation of business leaders.The school is set this week to roll out a new recruiting program, dubbed Peek, which targets students at women-only colleges, said Dee ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/going-long-in-treasurys-wins-1428451503"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Going Long in Treasurys Wins}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The surprising rally among Treasurys that mature in more than 10 years has boosted funds that specialize in these securities.The $425.6 million Pimco Extended Duration Fund, which buys very long-term U.S. government bonds, produced a total ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/japan-logs-biggest-current-account-surplus-since-sept-2011-1428461960"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Japan Logs Biggest Current Account Surplus Since Sept 2011}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOKYO\'97Japan posted its biggest current-account surplus in almost three and a half years in February, the finance ministry said Wednesday, helped by the higher value in yen terms of income from overseas investments and a smaller trade ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/nycs-cash-strapped-hospital-system-unveils-financial-plan-1428434864"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul NYC\'92s Public Hospital System Unveils Financial Plan}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/on-secular-stagnation-ben-bernankes-theory-meets-larry-summerss-evidence-1428460593"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul On Secular Stagnation, Ben Bernanke\'92s Theory Meets Larry Summers\'92s Evidence}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Two of the biggest names in macroeconomics have taken to the battlefield of the blogosphere to debate why interest rates are so low. Their assertions help explain why economic growth has been so slow in recent years\'97and how much it might ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/helping-teens-find-their-path-1428458366"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Helping Teens Find Their Path}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Q: My 17-year-old nephew doesn't know what he wants to do in life. His parents are open to his attending college or a trade school, but they're worried about his lack of focus. Can you recommend career fairs?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/new-jersey-gov-chris-christie-defends-blunt-style-1428452136"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Defends Blunt Style}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OLD BRIDGE, N.J.\'97Gov. Chris Christie contrasted his blunt talk with that of other politicians who are \'93trying to pretend to be something," and said that changing the political culture of Washington would be one of his top goals if he runs ...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/connecticut-study-finds-racial-disparity-in-traffic-stops-1428452635"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Connecticut Study Finds Racial Disparity in Traffic Stops}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Black and Hispanic drivers were more likely to be pulled over in Connecticut during daylight hours, when their race and ethnicity were more visible, according to a study released on Tuesday.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wsj.com/articles/business-watch-1428453933"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Business Watch}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Auto Maker to Expand Chattanooga FactoryVolkswagen AG intends to increase the size of its Chattanooga, Tenn., assembly plant despite slumping sales.\uc0\u8232 }